a web exclusive I'm Jason Donovan I'm an
actor
I'm a singer and an entertainer I'm a
father of three I live in London and I'm
proud to be Australian he would play me
in a film of my life Robert Downey jr.
Sean Penn all c-listers of course ah you
know Brad Pitt really begun downloading
music I leave that to the kids and I
also listen to the radio a lot of to be
totally honest with you I think that
sort of got the variety that I need
don't really have a secret talent but
I'm quite obsessed by my bed linen I
like to I like to make sure each night I
get into bed that the bed is perfectly
made and that means the sheets need to
be exactly in place Len would be the
person I would like to be stuck in a
lift with because I know exactly where
that lift would be going Severn